hi this is a p.m. dinner again and thank
you so much for tuning in to b2b
marketing and more with me this is the
channel I want to help you to become a
better b2b marketer and I share my
templates know-how in experience to help
you think strategically and to do your
job better hopefully by doing that you
can climb the corporate ladder and to be
promoted faster for today I want to talk
about messaging framework again I
promise this is going to be short and
the last part of the series okay pop
word many people ask me hey Pam my
company sell many products do I really
have to create messaging framework for
every single product no you don't this
episode is done well just kidding
there's a couple things I want to share
with you even if you don't have to
create a messaging framework but there's
a simplified version of it it's probably
already been created its product sheets
if you want ecommerce sites or you have
print catalogs you probably already have
a product sheet you actually have the
name of the product the product
descriptions and also the product
features and two or three bullet points
about the benefits of the product in
addition there's a product spec and the
product dimension on top of it there are
probably a lot of images associated with
that product because a lot of time if
you think about it on the ecommerce site
or the print catalog you you actually
have images you're taking from the top
on the side on the bottom so you can see
the product in the different dimension
so that product seen in the way it's a
simplified version of a messaging
framework very likely your company has a
process already in place to track all
the products and also track the
inventories or whatnot use the existing
process and the product sheets and they
use that as kind of like a messaging
framework if you need to know more about
that product you can always take that
template and the add additional columns
or rows and have a conversation with
your
check matter expert to learn a little
bit more so couple key takeaways number
one do you need a messaging framework
for every single product the answer is
no and you should prioritize based on
the hero products or based on the
marketing dollars and the sales focus
number to use existing product sheets
that you already have don't recreate or
duplicate the work and number three it's
kind of nice to identify the owner of
that product so make sure that you
documented a specific person that who is
responsible for that specific product so
if you actually need an update or
refresh or get additional information
you know where to go to so that is the
fourth part of the messaging framework
series part number one I talked about
the definition and also the steps that
you can take to build a solid messaging
framework part two I share the product
specific template part three I talked
about style leadership before you create
a thought leadership story yes you
should also create a messaging framework
to determined what is your thought
leadership messaging that you want to
say part number four do you need to
create messaging framework for many
products in your company the answer
again is no I hope that you enjoy the
messaging framework series and if you do
I'll share the feedback with me again I
want to share more templates so stay
tuned for that if you liked the episode
subscribe bottom below and share with a
friend who might benefit that will
really means a lot to me I am going to
talk about something totally different
next week so to mean and the watch the
next week's episode talk to you soon bye
bye